CS4550 Web Dev, Fall 2017.

HW06 status report form.

Please answer the following questions and submit the filled-in file to Bottlenose.


1. What's your name?
Kimberly Whitney

2. What's the link to your Github repo's releases page?
https://github.com/kimception/microblog/releases

3. What's the link to your deployed Microblog app?
https://microblog.sorryiateallyourpancakes.com/

4. Did you successfully deploy? If not, what doesn't work?
Yes! Everything works

5. Did you successfully implement passwords securely? If not, what doesn't work?
Yep! Everything works

6. Did you successfully implement admin users? What paths are admin-only? What paths
   are accessible to all users.
Yep!
Admins can edit other users' posts (however, the author will change to them
since it's sneaky to not)
Admins can delete posts
Admins can edit other users' profiles
Admin login info on prod:
email: admin@example.com
password: admin1234

7. What changes did you make to clean up your application layout and navigation?
I added a landing page for log in / create account
If you go to the landing page and are logged in, your feed is rendered
I added a create post button from a user's feed
I added a delete post button from /show post


8. Did you complete any catch up tasks? Which ones? Is there anything still not working
   about those features?
All of my catchup tasks were already completed on previous assignments.

9. Did you complete any additional tasks? Which ones? For each, describe how it should
   work and how that differs from your deployed functionality.
0. Follows are working, and a user's feed is showing in order
- Now, in a user's feed, they only see posts of the people they follow
- These are showed from most recent to least
- If no posts are in their feed, it recommends following more users
1. Added LetsEncrypt - site is now HTTPS
2. Added markdown support to posts. A user can put markdown text in their
post's content when created it and the /post show will render it as html
3. Added profile picture uploads.
- Nat Tuck approved not having to have this working in production
-- https://piazza.com/class/j61milf8rku5pe?cid=265
- Find video of it working in dev on my github here:
-- https://github.com/kimception/microblog/blob/master/LocallyWorkingUploads.mov
- A user can upload a profile picture and have it displayed!
- Currently, on prod, it either shows the default photo or alt text
4. Updated CSS / Bootstrap to make my site prettier
- Landing page is optimized with a nice banner
- Most things are displayed in cards
- Common color scheme throughout site
- Lots of great spacing/margins
5. Added a "share to twitter" button on the bottom of every /post show
- Any user can click it to share the link of the blog post to twitter!

A. Did you complete any bonus addtional goals for extra credit? For each, describe how
   it should work and how that differs from your deployed functionality.
4 & 5 above:
4. Updated CSS / Bootstrap to make my site prettier
   - Landing page is optimized with a nice banner
   - Most things are displayed in cards
   - Common color scheme throughout site
   - Lots of great spacing/margins
5. Added a "share to twitter" button on the bottom of every /post show
    - Any user can click it to share the link of the blog post to twitter!

B. Is there any other useful information that you want to provide for grading?
All previous users created without passwords can no longer be accessed
Create a new account or log in via my admin creds:
email: admin@example.com
password: admin1234
